Interview task (#1)
bythepixel/fullstack-challenge: README.md

# Fullstack Challenge

## Requirements
Using Laravel and Vue.js, create an application which shows the weather for a set of users. Instructions are purposely left somewhat open-ended to allow the developer to make some of their own decisions on implementation and design. 

1. Clone this repository (not fork).
2. Create a branch off of the `main` branch to do your work on.
3. Chose your own weather API, such as:
   - https://openweathermap.org/api
   - https://www.weather.gov/documentation/services-web-api
4. Show a list of users and their current weather.

>    - Add twenty randomized users the seeder process, each having their own unique location (longitude and latitude).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Use the twenty randomized users generated from the seeder process, each having their own unique location (longitude and latitude).
```

I'm only looking at this file so I assume we tell them how to run the seeder somewhere else

Reviewer 2: Yeah, it's included later on in the readme [here](https://github.com/bythepixel/fullstack-challenge/pull/1/files#diff-b335630551682c19a781afebcf4d07bf978fb1f8ac04c6bf87428ed5106870f5R52). Thanks for catching this weird wording!

>    - The weather update should be no older than 1 hour.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - The current weather conditions shown here should be no older than 1 hour.
```

# Fullstack Challenge

## Goal
Using Laravel and Vue.js, create an application which shows the weather for a set of users to demonstrate your coding chops.

## Acceptance Criteria

> Instructions are purposely left somewhat open-ended to allow the developer to make some of their own decisions on implementation and design. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instructions are purposely left somewhat open-ended to allow the developer to make some of their own decisions on implementation and design. We have provided some initial scaffolding structure/examples, however feel free to make it your own and remove anything unnecessary.
```
